etiquette.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Workgroup Etiquette
permalink: etiquette.html
---

We believe that a common understanding of etiquette enables positive communication, and better cooperation.  This document provides a guideline for our common understanding of workgroup etiquette.  This common understanding makes evaluating more efficient, by helping us to evaluate solutions on a technical, rather than personal, basis.

1. Video meetings take place under a modified Chatham House Rule:
    
> “Participants are free to use the information received, but neither the identity nor the affiliation of the speaker(s), nor that of any other participant, may be revealed.”

There will be one exception to this rule: Meeting summaries published to this repository should include a list of the developers in attendance and their respective ecosystem association.  Summaries will have their contents otherwise anonymized.  This provides a forum for discussion that is both private and open, where ideas may be discussed freely without expecting personal reprisals from those not personally engaged in these discussions.

2. Non-constructive criticism, name calling, speaking over others, or otherwise being disruptive to professional discussion is strictly prohibited.

3. Lurking in video meetings is generally frowned upon. These meetings are intended for productive discussion by ecosystem developers.  Inquisitive parties should look for meeting summaries.  If there are too many non-participant attendees, the chairperson may remove people.

4. Be punctual. Meetings start with introductions, if you miss them you will do yourself a disservice and disrupt the meeting if you need to be introduced.

5. Meetings should be scheduled for maximal developer participation.

6. Mind your microphone, and be focused on the discussion.  If you are not devoting your attention to the meeting, you should instead read the meeting summary.

7. Chairpeople should be dispassionate toward the discussion topic, and not participate in the discussion.

8. Refrain from posting to social media before Meeting summary has been released to help drive effective discussion rather than speculation. If there is an urgency to begin public discussion, feel welcome to collaborate on that summary first.

9. Agenda items should be submitted to the chairperson prior to the meeting. If possible, there should be an allotment of time at the end of the meeting to raise topics/queries depending on meeting run time. Time may be extended, if a majority of participants vote to do so and the chairperson can accommodate.

10. Follow-ups should be clearly outlined before the conclusion of the meeting and recorded in the meeting summary.

Commit message:

Added code-of-conduct, with tweaks to etiquette and README

etiquette.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Workgroup & Video Meeting Etiquette
permalink: etiquette.html
---

We believe that a common understanding of etiquette enables positive communication, and better cooperation.  This document provides a guideline for our common understanding of workgroup etiquette.  This common understanding makes evaluating more efficient, by helping us to evaluate solutions on a technical, rather than personal, basis.

1. All participants must adhere to the Code of Conduct (see code-of-conduct.md).

2. Video meetings take place under a modified Chatham House Rule:
    
> “Participants are free to use the information received, but neither the identity nor the affiliation of the speaker(s), nor that of any other participant, may be revealed.”

  There will be one exception to this rule: Meeting summaries published to this repository should include a list of the developers in attendance and their respective ecosystem association.  Summaries will have their contents otherwise anonymized.  This provides a forum for discussion that is both private and open, where ideas may be discussed freely without expecting personal reprisals from those not personally engaged in these discussions.

3. Lurking in video meetings is generally frowned upon. These meetings are intended for productive discussion by ecosystem developers.  Inquisitive parties should look for meeting summaries.  If there are too many non-participant attendees, the chairperson may remove people.

4. Be punctual. Meetings start with introductions, if you miss them you will do yourself a disservice and disrupt the meeting if you need to be introduced.

5. Meetings should be scheduled for maximal developer participation.

6. Mind your microphone, and be focused on the discussion.  If you are not devoting your attention to the meeting, you should instead read the meeting summary.

7. Chairpeople should be dispassionate toward the discussion topic, and not participate in the discussion.

8. Refrain from posting to social media before Meeting summary has been released to help drive effective discussion rather than speculation. If there is an urgency to begin public discussion, feel welcome to collaborate on that summary first.

9. Agenda items should be submitted to the chairperson prior to the meeting. If possible, there should be an allotment of time at the end of the meeting to raise topics/queries depending on meeting run time. Time may be extended, if a majority of participants vote to do so and the chairperson can accommodate.

10. Follow-ups should be clearly outlined before the conclusion of the meeting and recorded in the meeting summary.
