workgroup-list.md, before:

# Bitcoin Cash Workgroups

The following is a topical list of Bitcoin Cash Development Workgroups.  Each
group should be focused around a specific subject.  They may exist for a
limited time, or be of ongoing interest.  

Each group should find people to take on each position listed in [workgroup-positions](workgroup-positions.md)

## [Block Size Increases](wg-blocksize/workgroup.md)

This meeting exists to discuss all topics regarding expanding the block size.

## [Difficulty Adjustment Algorithm](wg-daa/workgroup.md)

Workgroup for researching and discussing the latest technology for difficulty
adjustments and implmenting them on the Bitcoin Cash.

## [Fungibility](wg-fungibility/workgroup.md)

Discussion workgroup for issues surrounding better privacy protections on Bitcoin Cash.

## [Op Codes](wg-opcodes/workgroup.md)

Proposing the re-enablement of various opcodes and creating well-defined
specifications for the behavior and roll-out of each op-code.

## [Malleability Fix](wg-malfix/workgroup.md)

Fixes to transaction malleability to enable various other technologies on top
of the Bitcoin Cash blockcahin.

## [Regular Hardfork Mechanism](wg-hardforks/workgroup.md)

Defining a specification for how Bitcoin Cash node implementations will
execute hardforks on a regular basis.

## [User Experience](wg-ux/workgroup.md)

Planning and coordination for advancements in Bitcoin Cash Wallets.

## [UTXO Commitments and Syncing](wg-utxocommit-sync/workgroup.md)

Defining quality standards against which a node implementation may be
certified against.

## [Quality Assurance](wg-qa/workgroup.md)

Defining quality standards against which a node implementation may be
certified against.

## [Protocol Specification](wg-protocol-spec/workgroup.md)

The purpose of this workgroup is to coordinate the development, review and acceptance of a formal
definition document for the bitcoin cash protocol. Initially it is envisaged that the scope will be limited to
hard consensus rules but later extending into soft rules.

## [Sidechains](wg-sidechains/workgroup.md)

Discussion related to sidechains on Bitcoin Cash and in general.

## [Watercooler](wg-watercooler/workgroup.md)

Discussion related to sidechains on Bitcoin Cash and in general.

Commit message:

Add in a tokens workgroup (#37)
There seems to be a fair bit of interest in tokens on bitcoin cash.
This workgroup is being established to faciliate discussion of
various tokenization methods.

workgroup-list.md, after:

# Bitcoin Cash Workgroups

The following is a topical list of Bitcoin Cash Development Workgroups.  Each
group should be focused around a specific subject.  They may exist for a
limited time, or be of ongoing interest.  

Each group should find people to take on each position listed in [workgroup-positions](workgroup-positions.md)

## [Block Size Increases](wg-blocksize/workgroup.md)

This meeting exists to discuss all topics regarding expanding the block size.

## [Difficulty Adjustment Algorithm](wg-daa/workgroup.md)

Workgroup for researching and discussing the latest technology for difficulty
adjustments and implmenting them on the Bitcoin Cash.

## [Fungibility](wg-fungibility/workgroup.md)

Discussion workgroup for issues surrounding better privacy protections on Bitcoin Cash.

## [Op Codes](wg-opcodes/workgroup.md)

Proposing the re-enablement of various opcodes and creating well-defined
specifications for the behavior and roll-out of each op-code.

## [Malleability Fix](wg-malfix/workgroup.md)

Fixes to transaction malleability to enable various other technologies on top
of the Bitcoin Cash blockcahin.

## [Regular Hardfork Mechanism](wg-hardforks/workgroup.md)

Defining a specification for how Bitcoin Cash node implementations will
execute hardforks on a regular basis.

## [User Experience](wg-ux/workgroup.md)

Planning and coordination for advancements in Bitcoin Cash Wallets.

## [UTXO Commitments and Syncing](wg-utxocommit-sync/workgroup.md)

Defining quality standards against which a node implementation may be
certified against.

## [Quality Assurance](wg-qa/workgroup.md)

Defining quality standards against which a node implementation may be
certified against.

## [Protocol Specification](wg-protocol-spec/workgroup.md)

The purpose of this workgroup is to coordinate the development, review and acceptance of a formal
definition document for the bitcoin cash protocol. Initially it is envisaged that the scope will be limited to
hard consensus rules but later extending into soft rules.

## [Sidechains](wg-sidechains/workgroup.md)

Discussion related to sidechains on Bitcoin Cash and in general.

## [Tokens](wg-tokens/workgroup.md)

Discussion related to tokens on Bitcoin Cash.

## [Watercooler](wg-watercooler/workgroup.md)

Discussion related to sidechains on Bitcoin Cash and in general.
